hello all my name is Krishna and welcome
to my YouTube channel so guys today in
this particular video we are going to
discuss about the basic differences
between generative AI versus AI agents
versus agentic AI now this is one of the
most trending topics that is currently
going on and it is necessary that you
need to have your understanding very
much clear when you are specifically
working in all the specific topics okay
so one by one we will try to understand
about each and every topics that I have
actually mentioned over here we'll go
step by step okay so first thing is that
I hope you may be knowing large language
models okay you may be knowing about
large image models also right so let's
say that I'll also go ahead and write
large image models when we talk about
large language models or large image
model these models are actually very
huge models right these are like huge
models bigger models right it can be of
billions of parameters and they have
trained with huge amount of data right
this data that it is specifically used
to train this model is huge so you may
have seen various models like llama 3
you may have been seeing OpenAI models
right from GPT4 to GPT4 mini many many
different models are there and these
models are specifically trained with
huge amount of data and at the end of
the day all these particular models are
generating what are they basically doing
they're generating new content right
generating new
content now when we talk about
generating new content the models can
probably generate new
images it can generate new text it can
generate video frames it can generate
anything as such right
audio it can also generate audio right
and it can also generate videos so I've
written each and everything about over
here right so here what this LLM is
basically doing since it is trained with
huge amount of data in short it is
basically generating new content
whenever we try to give any kind of
input right if I say hey please generate
a new image related to aentic AI so this
LLA model it if it has that multimodel
capabilities it will be able to generate
that particular image or video whatever
specific things we require whenever we
talk in this specific way this is
something related to generative AI okay
so this is something related to
generative AI right now when we say hey
uh let's go ahead and build a generative
AI application wherein we create a
chatbot okay and that chatbot should be
able to do this specific ch uh task
wherein the main aim is generating new
content you can definitely do it right
so There we specifically say hey we are
specifically working in generative AI
applications right here the most
important thing is that there's some few
properties that everybody should keep in
mind right whenever we talk about
generative AI application these are
specifically
reactive okay reactive there is this
word that we use which we basically say
it as reactive now what does this
basically reactive mean right see in
order to work with this LLM models right
we definitely have to write some kind of
prompts okay prompts and based on this
particular prompt this LLM model will
generate new content this is really
important to understand now what does
this prompt basically means this prompt
is just like some sentence where we
specify something and we tell the LLM to
behave in that way I may say hey that uh
hey please try to uh act as a data
scientist and take an interview for me
right so I that is a kind of prompt that
is a kind of instruction that I'm
actually giving to the LLM model right
so here the most important thing with
respect to the generative AI content uh
generative AI application is that
obviously you will be having some kind
of models LLM models LM models
multimodel right along with these models
we specifically write prompts right like
how this particular LML model should be
behaving and that is how it'll go ahead
and generate the new content okay so
this is with respect to the generative
AI applications right here uh there are
lot of different different kind of
libraries there are libraries like
langraph right there are libraries like
lang chain which you can specifically
use and you can get started with right
lang chain there are different different
libraries like let's say llama index
llama index right if you don't want to
go ahead and use this you can also go
ahead and use grock grock also has a
specific set of code or you can also go
ahead and use OpenAI code in order to
probably go ahead and start working and
developing geni applications okay now
this is one of the thing okay now the
next two topics that we are specifically
going to discuss about is something
called as AI agents and agentic AI and
this is super important right now
because the thing that we work on right
agentic AI application it is trending in
every field people are thinking that how
they can automate the entire complex
task the entire workflow with the help
of agent application and obviously bring
human feedback in between them okay now
let's go ahead and discuss about this
and I hope I have already made a video
related to generative way i have
developed so many different videos from
lang chain to lang graph you can
definitely go ahead and watch
okay now let's go ahead and discuss
about the second thing which is nothing
but the second category that we're going
to focus on is AI
agents versus agentic
AI versus agentic
AI now people do think that AI agents
and agentic AI one and the same but it
is not like that okay so here just
please focus on for the next 10 minutes
because I'm going to explain each and
everything that you really need to
understand and that is how you'll be
able to understand between what is the
basic difference between AI agents and
agent AI okay now let's say that I have
some kind of LLMs okay so let's say and
at all these places LLM is the most
important thing right because LLM is
something that will be acting like an AI
agent it can act like an AI agent it can
also work in an agentic AI application
okay and it will it will be very
important how this AI agents is
different when compared to the LLM also
okay so let's say that I have a specific
LLM okay and now this LLM can be any
model okay let's let's consider that it
is it is some model that we are going to
use from graph it can be lama 3 we are
using this specific model okay now you
know that all these LLM or LM models
they're trained with some specific past
data okay they don't have like let's say
if I ask this particular LLM hey what is
the news for today or hey or who won
this particular IPL match between this
and this like let's say Bangalore is
going to happen have some matches
tomorrow or today if it has right and
LLM will not know the result because
it's not connected to the internet okay
so in that kind of scenario Whenever I
ask this particular question the LLM
will not be able to give an output to us
okay obviously it will not be able to
give because it does not have that
specific information now this is one
major disadvantage of LLM right yes LLM
will be able to generate new content
these models will be able to generate
the new content but what about the
current information okay it will not be
able to give you right let's say that
I'm going to ask some specific
information of a company obviously this
LLM will not be trained with that
company data because the company data
will be private to that company itself
right so that way also that LLM will not
be able to give you that unless and
until it is connected to some kind of
external database or external data
source this is just one example now what
is basically happening is that as soon
as I asked a question hey who won this
particular match within RCB or any other
place any other um any other team that
happened today it will not be able to
give you the output so what it will be
dependent on it will be dependent on the
third party source let's say there is
one third party source I will consider
in this particular scenario i will just
go ahead and connect it to some kind of
database okay let's say one of the data
source is something called as taby i
will go ahead and write tabi so if you
don't know about tabi it provides you
some kind of internet search okay it you
can use that particular API you can
write this specific wrapper and you can
probably go ahead and write this now the
question arises how this llm is
basically going to call this tavly API
now there is one very important property
if you're learning lang chain or lang
graph any of the specific libraries
there is a concept of something called
as tool call tool
call okay tool call now what is this
tool call let's say that if the LLM is
not able to provide the response for
this particular input it will keep on
looking for external things that will be
able to handle this particular input now
in this particular case when I ask the
input saying that hey what is the
current news what is the current news
for this specific date that is today's
date the LLM will not be able to give
the answer so the LLM will look for
whether it is connected to any
third-party APIs third party APIs or
data source from which I will be able to
get this kind of information so that is
where it will be making the specific
tool call okay it will be making the
specific tool call now this tool call
will be something like this the tool
call will be made and based on this I
will be getting a response okay I'll be
getting a response now the as soon as
the LLM made this tool call the it got
this specific response so this is my
request and this is my response okay
this is my response and as soon as I got
the response the LLM is smart enough to
finally summarize that particular output
uh that response and give you the output
and this is what I'm actually looking
for okay
now you need to really understand over
here the kind of task that is happening
right a request is going I'm getting the
information I'm getting giving back the
response this is basically happening by
an AI agent just a single AI agent I can
consider this as an AI agent okay here
my main aim is that I have asked an
input saying that hey give me the some
current information about today AI news
I really want to see for this particular
date AI news which my LLM was not able
to do it so what it has done is that the
LLM is smart enough to understand which
tool to probably call and based on this
tool call functional it is calling this
and it is getting the response so this
is a specific task okay and this task is
basically solved by this tavly okay
tavly which is responsible for the
internet search so this task can be
considered as an AI agent okay for a
specific task we have defined this okay
very simple definition okay so for a
specific task we are able to probably go
ahead and call this and we are getting
the response now the question rises now
the question
rises then what is agentic AI ai agents
have understood okay fine for a specific
task I'm calling something from the LLM
right the LM is responsible for making
that tool call and getting the output
and summarizing the output and giving it
over here here also we can add the
prompt here also once I get the response
I can add the prompt and based on that I
can summarize the output i can do that
okay but this is only for one kind of
task now if I talk about agentic AI okay
and for discussing about the agentic AI
application let's consider that let's
consider that I have a task and this
task is nothing but let's consider I
want to probably convert a YT video that
I really want to upload to a
blog
okay to a blog and now to convert a YT
video YouTube video into a blog let's
say that I have been uploading so many
videos just imagine if I just create an
agenti system which takes my YouTube
video and convert that into a blog and
publish it in my website would it will
that not be good it will definitely be
good right now here if I probably see I
can divide this into multiple subtask
first of all I will take this YT video i
will convert I will take the transcript
from the YT video transcript from the YT
video okay after considering the
transcript from this my second task will
be creating
title creating title okay third it can
be creating
description okay so this will be my
third task creating
description and my fourth task will be
writing the
conclusion let's say so I've defined
this task into four different task right
four different tasks now for the same
task don't you think converting a
YT YT video into transcript I can create
one AI agent then similarly for my
second AI agent I can basically take
this transcript
and this AI agent should be able to give
me the title yeah yeah and just to show
you how these things will happen don't
you think I can just go ahead see this
okay see this magic okay so so what what
I will be doing is that my first task
will be that this AI agent will be
responsible in getting me the transcript
from my YouTube video okay this AI agent
will be responsible for creating the
title from the transcript that I get
okay then my next agent over here which
will be parallelly will be
responsible to probably create the
description from this particular
transcript yeah and finally don't you
think I can have one more one
more AI agent which will be responsible
in creating the conclusion right now
here this is my AI agent one let's
consider this okay so this is my AI
agent
one this is my AI agent
2 this is my AI agent three and this is
my AI agent
4 each and every agent can use LLM it
can use
prompt to perform its task each each
here it can or it cannot it is not
composite it needs to use all the LLM
but since we are working with respect to
text related things then obviously we
can use LLM okay for now this is just
like a one kind of workflow so this
workflow goes on like this right so
first of all I give my YT video
URL YT video URL then this agent is
responsible in taking from this and
giving the output a
transcript now this transcript is sent
to all the agents and finally we can
combine all these
outputs and give my final
blog right so what does this basically
mean before an AI agent only used to do
one task in an agentic AI system so this
is my entire complex workflow with
respect to my agentic AI system and this
is performing this entire task together
here every agent is communicating with
each other right i can add one more
thing over here i can add human
feedback human feedback also over
here so here what is basically happening
ai agents are communicating with each
other
right i can also make sure to probably
before this AI agent let's say this
agent is responsible in probably
creating a description for creating a
description it also wants the title so
it will just go ahead this AI agent 2
whatever output it is creating for the
title it will give it to the agent 3 and
this will take that information and do
this so internally you'll be able to see
we can also make this agent communicate
with each other to solve a complex
workflow and finally achieve a goal
right so just to understand what is the
difference between AI agents versus
agentic AI here AI agent is doing only
one task in an agentic AI system this AI
agents will be collaborating with each
other this is really important
collaborating
collaborating with each
other to solve a
goal this is really really important to
understand so I hope you understood this
particular video i hope you liked this
particular video this was the basic
differences between generative AI versus
AI agent versus agentic AI and I hope
you are able to understand this okay
similar kind of videos I'm also going to
come up in this specific series so that
you get your fundamental rights i hope
you like this particular video this was
it from my side i'll see you in the next
video have a great day thank you and all
take care bye-bye